## Custom Widget for [Wakanda](http://wakanda.org)The __LeftRight__ widget is a simple composed widget.  ### PropertiesThis widget has the following properties: * __width__: The width of the container* __height__: The height of your container### GoalsThe __LeftRight__ will create a custom widget divided in 2 parts, left and right.The size, shape and color of the parts are defined in the CSS### widget.jsAfter inheriting from the composed behavior, we create 2 simple widgets with just a < div > :var simple1 = widget.create('simple1');Then we associate each simple widget with a part :HeaderContentFooter.setPart('left', 	simple1); Then we create an internal event to change the color of the content when the widget is clicked.   ### Wakanda StudioJust drag the widget to your page. A colorfull widget should be displayed. If you click in the widget, the left panel will change colors. You can also resize the widget. ### CSSThe __LeftRight__ CSS will define all the 2 areas:  left and right You can adjust its color by changing directly in the Studio OR by changing the /css/widget.css file.  ### More InformationFor more information on how to install a custom widget, refer to [Installing a Custom Widget](http://doc.wakanda.org/WakandaStudio0/help/Title/en/page3869.html#1027761).For more information about Custom Widgets, refer to [Custom Widgets](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3863.html "Custom Widgets") in the [Architecture of Wakanda Applications](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3844.html "Architecture of Wakanda Applications") manual.